‘The follow up today wes conducted over the telephone,

| initially saw Mr. Mack for consultation August 9, 2022. In my report | state: "Mr. Mack
presents with a complaint of left buttock and leg pain. The onset was about 6 months ago.
He characterizes the pain as a burning and as if he's "sitting on a bag of racks". There is
Pain in both buttocks and pain in the lateral left thigh. He has had an epidural injection
which provided relief for about 24 hours. He also tried chiropractic care (manual therapy
and acupuncture) for 2 or 3 visits without relief, He continues with self-directed exercises,
The only medication he reports taking is Pregabalin 75 mg tid. His health is otherwise
good. He is a non-smoker. Mr. Mack is limited in his daiiy chores.

The physical examination reveals a slow, reciprocal gait. He could heel and toe walk
without difficulty, Muscle stretch reflexes are 2+ at the Patellae and Achilles bilaterally.
Sensation is diminished along the left L5 detmatome. Power is graded 5/5 L2 to S1
bilaterally. Muscle tone and bulk is symmetrical. There is a positive straight !eg raise on the
left. Hip ranges of motion are within normal limits. Upper limb reflexes are 2+, Hoffman's
sign is absent bilaterally. There is no spasticity or clonus, or other long tract signs.

A lumbar MRI was performed July 20, 2022, There is a Grade I retrolisthesis at L3-4, There
is moderate to severe foraminal stenosis bilaterally at L5-S1. There is facet arthropathy at
the same level.

Mr. Mack presents with symptoms and signs commensurate with left LS nerve root
irritation, This is likely related to the foraminal stenosis at L5-S1. To confirm and provide
further diagnostic information, | have referred Mr, Mack for a selective left L5 nerve root
block, 1 will follow up with him afterward. He should continue with self-directed exercises,
and can consider a course of physical therapy for 4 to 6 weeks."

Mr, Mack reports today that had an injection on October 18, 2022. He says that it provided
mild relief for perhaps a few days. He continues to have leg pain, He attends for physical
therapy weekly, consisting of massage and stretches, without significant relief. He is taking
Pregabalin 75 mg tid which is helping.

My clinical impression remains the same. In view of the persisting leg dominant pain
Gespite conservative care, and MRI findings, | am referring Mr. Mack for spine surgical
consultation with Dr. D. Guha. | have encouraged him to continue with self-directed
exercises.
